Finally, for your capstone project,
you're the product manager for our transportation company, Flyber.
Your goal is to analyze market and user research data to
help you and your team make the following decisions on the OKRs,
the features, and the launch details of Flybers, flying car MVP.
You'll be uncovering insights and making decisions on the product
like where in New York City should we place flying taxi pickup locations?
Should we keep the service running 24 hours a day, seven days a week?
What features should we include in the initial product to measure
the viability and stickiness of the service without going all in right away?
Finally, we'll be creating a proposal to pitch our case to stakeholders,
are all across the board to get buy-in for the execution and
development of Flyber's MVP or minimum viable product.